everybody welcome to Venus kitchen cone
you all a very happy new year and during
the new year party B usually sub drinks
beverages mocktails cocktails and it the
evening itself starts with a refreshing
drink for this reason I am here to give
you the best mocktails in the city I am
here at the altitude lunch bar which is
a beautiful lounge bar here at the
Hyderabad married friends we have it
near a shaker who is going to share us
the best drink that will be served
during this New Year's Eve over to
shaker
hi guys with a shaker and today we're
going to make a drink called melon is a
mocktail basically introduced what we
use our household ingredients like fresh
watermelon some mint leaves some lemon
juice and some fresh pineapple juice to
freeze out so get ready for the ring are
there
take a glass all right take some fresh
watermelon pieces which is DC a
watermelon pieces in the glass and take
some fresh mint leaves just put it
inside the glass little bit of fresh
lemon juice and just muddle it with a
muddler the little heart on the
watermelon and mint so you can get all
the juices from the pieces of the
watermelon and aroma from the mint
leaves as well okay now we got all the
juices you pick some ice just pour
coconut rice and take a peach syrup it's
a peach syrup runs each year you get
easily the market
Wow
this is five to seven mmm
for a little sweetness
I think my little juice for it the top
Wow just mix it
put a straw in the garnish with
watermelon pieces and your drink is
ready the most important thing you have
to serve it with smile Cheers Wow
this is Milani that I'm going to enjoy
with thank you thank you please just
like subscribe and comment on my youtube
channel as well if you are very happy
new year once again bye it's very very
nice